Add Discord integration tutorial. (#1703)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/integrations/activity/discord.md

---
title: "Example: Discord"
toc: false
---

The following example activity script will post a message to a Discord channel every time it is triggered.

> To use it, paste it as-is into a `.js` file and then add it as a new [script integration](https://docs.platform.sh/integrations/activity.html#installing).  Be sure to specify which events it should trigger on using the `--events` switch, and if desired which `--environments` you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, paste it as-is into a `.js` file and then add it as a new [script integration](/integrations/activity.md#installing).  Be sure to specify which events it should trigger on using the `--events` switch, and if desired which `--environments` you want.
```
